# Site-Report-Code
Aggregating and Filtering Important Info from EDR

The purpose of this script is to take an Environmental Database Resources (EDR) Report and extract the useful information to an Environmental Consultant conducting a Phase I ESA or Environmental Transaction Screen.

An EDR report is a large excel spreadsheet or CSV doc, typically 600-1000 rows long, detailing which properties within a 1-mile radius of a given address are listed on standard environmental databases (Haznet, LUST, SLIC, EMI, etc.). An environmental consultant can parse this info and extract relevant information from this data dump to gather insights on the subsurface conditions on and around a given site. This script was written to expedite that process by quickly extracting the most relevant info.

The output of this script is an excel spreadsheet consisting of four dataframes that have been converted to excel sheets named Subject Site, Adjacent Sites, LUST Sites and SLIC Sites. Subject Site contains a table of all listing for the project address, Adjacent Site contains a table of all listing for the addresses adjacent to the project adress, LUST Sites contains all LUST cases within a 528 feet radius of the project site address (critical distance to the nearest boundary of the subject site for suspect contaminated sites with petroleum hydrocarbon and MBTEX as defined in E 2600-10) and SLIC Sites contains all SLIC site within a 1,760 feet radius of the subject site address (critical distance to the nearest boundary of the subject site for suspect contaminated sites with chlorinated solvents as defined in E 2600-10).

Note: Although generally the contaminants of concern associated with LUST cases are petroleum hydrocarbons and its constituents and with SLIC are chlorinated solvents and its constituents this is not always the case. It is up the Environmental Consultant to do the research required to determine whether or not these sites need to be brought out in the report. These data frames are meant to help expedite the process.
